PHP8.0 announcement for customers (#1369)
spryker/spryker-docs: docs/scos/user/intro-to-spryker/whats-new/php8-as-a-minimum-version-for-all-spryker-projects.md

---
title: PHP 8.0 as the minimum version for all Spryker projects
description: In the coming weeks, Spryker will release a new version of its Demo Shops requiring PHP 8.0 as the minimum version.
last_updated: November 14, 2022
template: concept-topic-template
---

> In the coming weeks, Spryker will release a new version of its Demo Shops requiring PHP 8.0 as the minimum version. PHP 7.4 will no longer be supported. Spryker's new module releases will only be compatible with PHP version 8.0 or later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the coming weeks, Spryker will release a new version of its Demo Shops, which will require PHP 8.0 as their minimum PHP version. PHP 7.4 will no longer be supported. Spryker's new module releases will only be compatible with PHP version 8.0 or later.
```

Reviewer 2: Thats old news, long long time like this

## Impacts

> We have not broken the backward compatibility. If your project followed our recommendations and requirements in the past twelve months, you wouldn't experience any upgradeability issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Backwards compatibility remains unaffected. If your project followed our recommendations and requirements in the past twelve months, you will not experience any upgradeability issues.
```

## Migration steps

> To migrate your project to PHP 8.0 version, follow these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To migrate your project to the 8.0 version of PHP, follow these steps:
```

1. Update your modules manually in `composer.json`.
Use the major lock `^` or the minor lock `~` if you have changes on the project level for respective module constraints.

```php
spryker/cms-block-gui => 2.8.0
codeception/codeception => 4.1.24
codeception/lib-innerbrowser => 1.3.3
codeception/module-phpbrowser => 1.0.1
psalm/phar => 4.3.1
roave/better-reflection => 5.0.0
spryker-sdk/benchmark => 0.2.2
spryker-sdk/spryk => 0.3.4
spryker-sdk/spryk-gui => 0.2.2
```

2. Change the PHP version in `composer.json`:

`config.platform.php => 8.0`

> 3. Make sure there are no project-specific changes in the following repositories and remove them from your `composer.json`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Make sure there are no project-specific changes in the following repositories, and remove them from your `composer.json`:
```

```json
"repositories": [
  {
    "type": "vcs",
    "url": "https://github.com/spryker-sdk/lib-innerbrowser.git"
  }
],
```

{% info_block infoBox "Project-specific changes" %}

> If you have project-specific changes in these repositories, consider either giving up the changes or copying them to the project code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have project-specific changes in these repositories, consider either giving up the changes or copying them into the project code.
```
